PSMDB-1006 Release notes 4.4.13-13 (#506)
percona/psmdb-docs: source/release_notes/4.4.13-13.rst

It supports MongoDB 4.4.13 protocols and drivers.

Release Highlights
==================

* `SERVER-63203 <https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/SERVER-63203>`_ - Fixed the issue with chunk splitting when the number of dcuments is high due to small shard keys
* `SERVER-62065 <https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/SERVER-62065>`_ - Added the repairShardedCollectionChunksHistory command to restore history fields for some chunks. This aims to fix broken snapshot reads and distributed transactions.
* `SERVER-59754 <https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/SERVER-59754>`_ - Fixed incorrect logging of queryHash/planCacheKey for operations that share the same $lookup shape
* `SERVER-55483 <https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/SERVER-55483>`_ - Added a new startup parameter that skips verifying the table logging settings on restarting as a replica set node from the standalone mode during the restore. This speeds up the restore process.
  
Find the full list of changes in the `MongoDB 4.4.13 Community Edition Release notes <https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/release-notes/4.4/#4.4.13---mar-7--2022>`_.

New Features
================================================================================

> * :jirabug:`PSMDB-971`: Added support for KMIP encryption

Reviewer: This needs more love. 

"Add support for Keys Management Interoperability Protocol (KMIP). Now users can store encryption keys in their favorite KMIP-compatible key manager to setup encryption at rest."

We should also add KMIP support into the highlights section.

Reviewer: Add have the link to the docs in the release notes.

Author: Done

   - Clusters on versions 4.4.2, 4.4.3, or 4.4.4 should **downgrade** to 4.4.1 and then upgrade to versions  4.4.11+ or 5.0.5+. 
   - Clusters running versions 4.4.5 - 4.4.7 can and should upgrade to versions 4.4.11+ or 5.0.5+. 
   
   Note that clusters running versions 4.4.2 - 4.4.8 are affected by the bug `WT-7995 <https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/WT-7995>`_. See `WT-7995 <https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/WT-7995>`_ for specific explanation and instructions on running the `validate <https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/reference/command/validate/>`_ command to check for data inconsistencies. These data inconsistencies can lead to data loss if not identified and repaired at this point between versions 4.4.8 and 4.4.9.

   If the `validate <https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/reference/command/validate/>`_  command output reports any failures, resync the impacted node from an unaffected node.   **The validate command must be run against all collections in the database. This process can be resource intensive and can negatively impact performance.**

Release Highlights
==================

> Added support for Keys Management Interoperability Protocol (KMIP). Now users can store encryption keys in their favorite KMIP-compatible key manager to set up encryption at rest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Percona Server for MongoDB now supports Keys Management Interoperability Protocol (KMIP). Users can store encryption keys in their favorite KMIP-compatible key manager to set up encryption at rest.
```
